Oh Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet
the vampire army has taken the city we
must check the castle tower and make
sure that no vampire have gotten into a
home base you wait here I'll go check
the castle yes you do that oh my god
haven't I just saw a fucking vampire
it'd been me right in the neck Oh No
save yourself have it shit
a fellow I will avenge you
and rid this castle of the vampire
scourge that has taken this fair city I
shall hunt each and every one down in
this town and drive a wooden stake
through the heart all this for my friend
a fellow Oh No Hamlet turn around he
turned into a vampire he's gonna bite
you oh shit
Hamlet I can't watch this hey everybody
I can't watch this
well some of us are trying to John
please who said that
which one of y'all dead motherfuckers
just said that shit was it you string
bean your skinny ass lookin motherfucker
turn around and say it again turn around
and say again turn lancing yeah please
be quiet John that is the President of
the United States I don't care who it is
he's ruining Hamlet oh now you fucked up
nay fucked up now you fucked up you have
fucked up now nay fucked up nay fucked
up nay fucked up nay fucked up
nay fucked up now you have fucked up mr.
president will you please be quiet
shucks my presidential cock bitch you're
fed ass piece of shit your tub of lard
lookin motherfucker
what what what what what what hey what
what huh I don't know why you're looking
up at me bitch plays on stage I'm not
putting on a play up here I'm trying to
be entertained right now mr. president
be quiet John calm down listen to the
woman John calm down just calm down calm
down just calm down calm hey Eddie stop
the play empty o F T hey oh I gotta go
to the bathroom I drank too much liquid
now I gotta piss huh huh I got a bottle
I got a bottle it's alright
rewind the play five minutes so cuz that
fat piece of shit was talking I couldn't
pay attention while you guys were doing
so rewind and play five minutes
and you shut the fuck up that's it I'm
gonna do what I should have done a long
time ago John what are you going to do
I'm gonna beat him to death with this
hammer what John John
Oh what are you doing skidding what are
you doing your fat piece of shit where's
he going
what's that fat piece of shit doing now
oh shit aah Oh aah he's hitting me in
the butt he's hitting my butt
don't break my butt they'll break my
butt he's breaking my butt ladies and
gentlemen that is what actually happened
on that fateful night all those years
ago American Historians and
documentarians believed that the actual
events were far too embarrassing for our
fledgling nation to endure but Abraham
Lincoln actually got hammered in the ass
so much that he died of being hammered
in the ass thank you good night